Add VS Code contributing instructions (#47119)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/contributing/Building, Debugging, and Testing on Unix.md

1. Run `./build.sh --restore`
1. Run `./build.sh --build`

## Working in Visual Studio Code
1. Install [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)
    - After you install VS Code, install the [C# extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csharp)
    - Important tip: You can look up editor commands by name by hitting *Ctrl+Shift+P*, or by hitting *Ctrl+P* and typing a `>` character. This will help you get familiar with editor commands mentioned below. On a Mac, use *⌘* instead of *Ctrl*.

> 2. Install a recent preview [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core). At time of writing, Roslyn uses .NET 5 preview 7. The exact version in use is recorded in our [global.json](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/blob/master/global.json) file.

Reviewer: Hmm, worried this creates another place where we have to remember to update the SDK info when we move to new SDKs. Not sure how to fix this.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should just make these 2 documents 1 document, with separate Windows and Unix sections in it. Then we can just have 1 section in that document with "Install the .NET SDK (windows link, mac link, linux link)"?

Author: We reference global.json as our source of truth here, as we do in our build scripts. I wrote this assuming the documentation will fall out of date with the truth. We can either refrain from referencing a specific version in this document, or we can write a script that fails the build if documentation references a different SDK version than is referenced in global.json :P

Author: > Perhaps we should just make these 2 documents 1 document

I think this might be reasonable to do in a future PR.

3. You can build from VS Code by running the *Run Build Task* command, then selecting an appropriate task such as *build* or *build current project* (the latter builds the containing project for the current file you're viewing in the editor).

> 3. You can run tests from VS Code by opening a test class in the editor, then using the *Run Tests in Context* (**Ctrl+R, T** by default) and *Debug Tests in Context* (**Ctrl+R, Ctrl+T** by default) editor commands.

Reviewer 2: These shortcuts were removed for conflicting with the default `CTRL+R` mapping in vscode's core shortcuts. They're currently unmapped.

Author: ```suggestion
3. You can run tests from VS Code by opening a test class in the editor, then using the *Run Tests in Context* and *Debug Tests in Context* editor commands. You may want to bind these commands to keyboard shortcuts that match their Visual Studio equivalents (**Ctrl+R, T** for *Run Tests in Context* and **Ctrl+R, Ctrl+T** for *Debug Tests in Context*).
```

Bummer! I do actually recall having to re-bind these after updating VS Code.

> 3. You can run tests from VS Code by opening a test class in the editor, then using the *Run Tests in Context* and *Debug Tests in Context* editor commands. You may want to bind these commands to keyboard shortcuts that match their Visual Studio equivalents (**Ctrl+R, T** for *Run Tests in Context* and **Ctrl+R, Ctrl+T** for *Debug Tests in Context*).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. You can run tests from VS Code by opening a test class in the editor, then using the *Run Tests in Context* and *Debug Tests in Context* editor commands. You may want to bind these commands to keyboard shortcuts that match their Visual Studio equivalents (**Ctrl+R, T** for *Run Tests in Context* and **Ctrl+R, Ctrl+T** for *Debug Tests in Context*).
```

Markdown does render this correctly, but it's still a small nit :)
